feat: `start_warp_global` and `end_warp_global` (#972)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/cheatcodes/start_warp.md

# `start_warp`

> `fn start_warp(target: CheatTarget, block_timestamp: u64)`

Changes the block timestamp for the given target.
The change can be canceled with [`stop_warp`](./stop_warp.md).

> - `target` - target contract address(es). See [`CheatTarget`](./cheat_target.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `target` - instance of [`CheatTarget`](./cheat_target.md)  specifying which contracts to warp
```
We can reuse this pattern in `stop_warp`

# `start_warp`

> `fn start_warp(target: CheatTarget, block_timestamp: u64)`

Changes the block timestamp for a contract at the given address(es).
The change can be canceled with [`stop_warp`](./stop_warp.md).

- `target` - target contract address(es).
- `block_timestamp` - block timestamp to be set

```rust
enum CheatTarget {
    All: (),
    One: ContractAddress,
    Multiple: Span<ContractAddress>
}

> ```

Author: I added it. I felt that the part explaining what each variant does was a bit redundant, let me know if it should be removed.

// ...
```

We can use `start_warp` in a test to change the block timestamp for contracts:

```rust
use snforge_std::{start_warp, CheatTarget};

#[test]

> fn test_warp_one() {

Reviewer: `test_warp`

// ...
```

We can use `start_warp` in a test to change the block timestamp for contracts:

```rust
use snforge_std::{start_warp, CheatTarget};

#[test]
fn test_warp_one() {
    // ...

    start_warp(CheatTarget::One(contract_address), 1000);

    dispatcher.set_block_timestamp();
    let new_timestamp = dispatcher.get_block_timestamp();
    assert(new_timestamp == 1000, 'Wrong timestamp');
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Unrelated change

// ...
```

We can use `start_warp` in a test to change the block timestamp for contracts:

```rust
use snforge_std::{start_warp, CheatTarget};

#[test]
fn test_warp_one() {
    // ...

    start_warp(CheatTarget::One(contract_address), 1000);

    dispatcher.set_block_timestamp();
    let new_timestamp = dispatcher.get_block_timestamp();
    assert(new_timestamp == 1000, 'Wrong timestamp');
}

> #[test]

Reviewer: I would just remove those, it is well explained in the example in `cheat_target.md` I think

Reviewer 2: Yes - please do remove those

// ...
```

We can use `start_warp` in a test to change the block timestamp for contracts:

```rust
use snforge_std::{start_warp, CheatTarget};

#[test]

> fn test_warp_one() {

Reviewer 2: I think we should add an example in `cheat_target.md`

> fn test_warp_one() {

Reviewer: I would link the page in every page `CheatTarget` is used
